This App knows the importance of personal information to you, and will do its best to protect your personal information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and protecting your personal information by adhering to the following principles: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of consent by choice, the principle of least enough, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards of the industry. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).
How do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can independently or in combination with other information identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. We will collect and use your personal information only for the following purposes as stated in this policy:
(a) to provide you with health pedicure appointment service
1. Business function 1: register as a user
To complete the creation of an account, you need to provide the following information: your phone number, the account you created, and your password.
The above information provided by you will continue to authorize us to use during your use of the service. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete the above information.
The above information will be stored in the People's Republic of China. If cross-border transmission is required, we will separately obtain your authorization.
2, business function two: we show you our health care services
1. We show various health care services
(ii) carry out internal data analysis and research, statistical services of the third-party SDK, and improve our products or services
We collect data based on your interactions with us and the choices you make, including your privacy Settings and the products and features you use. We collect data may include the SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service providers (isps), IP address, platform, timestamp, identifier, version of the application, the application distribution channels, independent device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), android advertisers identifier, nic (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identification number (IMEI), equipment type, terminal manufacturers, terminal equipment operating system version, session start/stop time, local language, time zone and network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage, etc.
We will seek your prior consent when using information for other purposes not specified in this policy.
When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will ask your permission in advance.
How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(I) sharing
We do not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual, except:
1. Share with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Share with our affiliates: your personal information may be Shared with our affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information and will be bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will ask your authorization again.

4. Sharing with authorized partners: some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we employ to provide third-party statistical and analytical services may need to collect and access personal data for statistical and analytical purposes. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and specific purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide services.
(2) assignment
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except the following:
1. Transfer with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, such as the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization again.
(3) public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
1. After obtaining your express consent;
2. Disclosure based on law: we may publicly disclose your personal information under the mandatory requirements of law, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
How do we protect your personal information
(a) we have adopted industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information provided by you from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of the data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, the exchange of data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the service is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing of our website; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of the data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on our data; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized persons have access to personal information; In addition, we will organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(b) we will take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period of time required to achieve the purpose stated in the cost policy unless the retention period is extended or permitted by law.
(c) the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and E-mail, instant messaging and other forms of communication with our users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use complex password to help us ensure the security of your account.
(d) the Internet environment is not 100% safe. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.
(v) after an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will timely inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, the Suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will timely inform you of the relevant information by email, letter, phone call, push notification and other means. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to release announcements.
At the same time, we will also in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities, the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents.
Your rights
In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations and standards, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
(I) access to your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise the right to access the data, you can do the following:
Account information -- if you want to access or edit your personal information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can access this App to perform such operations.
V. how to update this privacy policy
We may adjust or change this privacy policy in due course. Any update of this privacy policy will be published on our website with the updated time. Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations or regulatory regulations, the adjusted or changed content will take effect 7 days after notice or publication. If you continue to use any of our services or visit our relevant websites after the adjustment or change of the privacy policy, we believe that you have fully read, understood and accepted the revised privacy policy and are bound by it.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or Suggestions on this privacy policy, please contact us at RegLeowHuDhL@yahoo.com:

As a rule, we will reply within 30 days.
